(Episode 34)
(Yeon Woo's living room)
What are you doing there?
I'm sorry.
I came in here to turn the lights off.
You hate paying too much electricity bill.
But you earn money and pay the bill yourself,
so it's okay to leave the lights on all night, isn't it?
Do you want some coffee?
Wait.
Is it too late for coffee?
No, it doesn't matter.
Did you go somewhere?
I met with the CEO of Park Jin Soo's management.
I gave him your drama synopsis.
He seemed positive about it.
Aren't you tired?
Why do you say that?
Because you're everyone's problem solver.
You make others happy.
But what about you?
I'm used to being alone and solving problems.
But you aren't used to communicating.
You get on an elevator when you're going up on a tall building.
As I went up floor by floor,
a lot of people got off.
Sometimes I pushed people off the elevator.
When I got to the top, I was the only one left.
People are alone in the end.
They are, but they can't live alone.
Loving someone deeply makes you very lonely.
I don't like that.
I agree.
We haven't agreed on something in so long.
Is it still a happy ending?
I'm not sure.
It's closer to a sad ending now.
It is.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
(Jung Sun)
(Accept)
Yes, Jung Sun.
Can we meet?
It's been a while.
I asked to see you because I have something to say.
I decided to accept an offer to become a head chef in Hong Kong.
Is that a good thing?
The conditions are good, so it's a very good thing.
Congratulations.
I knew it'd work out for you.
When I go, I'll have to focus on it for at least six months.
Will you come with me?
If we're together somewhere else,
maybe we might be able to go back to how we were.
I don't know what it means...
to go back to how we were.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
You look lonely.
Do you feel restless now that you've made up your mind about Hong Kong?
Is it really over...
with Hyun Soo?
Won Joon.
Do you want to drink tonight?
What brings such a busy person here?
Are you teasing me?
Didn't you hear my drama might be delayed because of Hyun Soo's?
But it's still in progress.
It should be.
I just dropped by before seeing Mr. Park.
- Why? - To get myself fired up...
while seeing how well Hyun Soo is doing.
She's not doing well at all.
She's depressed these days.
Why?
She broke up with Chef On.
They broke up?
After all that fuss?
Love really doesn't amount to much.
[VIU Ver] E34 Temperature of Love "I'm Going to Hong Kong"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Gosh, it smells.
What is all this?
Did something happen?
Nothing happened.
I've never seen you like this.
This is how I look when I've been dumped.
Did you break up with Hyun Soo?
Forget it.
Don't stop someone from leaving.
It's the best way.
You'll feel better after you get some rest.
Did you break up with Jung Sun?
What I'm curious about...
is why you broke up with him.
Jung Sun would never break up with you.
You said you'd accept me.
I'm the biggest flaw for Jung Sun.
He's a great guy.
I don't think of you as a flaw.
It was just a problem between Jung Sun and me.
Not a flaw, but something we share.
Gong Yoo is an actor.
What does he have anything to do with Jung Sun?
Don't tell me you're dating him.
- Mother... - What?
- Are you really? - No, it's not like that.
No, right?
Just have your tea.
Since it's over between you two,
does that mean we'll never see each other again?
No, we can still meet up.
Jung Sun is moving to Hong Kong. He was scouted on a good deal.
He might change his mind if he lives somewhere else.
Women would never let a young and competent man alone.
Doesn't it make you mad when I say something like this?
A little bit.
I'm glad.
If you're too comfortable after letting my son go,
it would make me upset.
He's leaving next week.
I'm here, Mr. Park.
What is it that you wanted to talk about?
If you're trying to persuade me, don't.
I won't step back.
Don't.
Don't?
You have a good reason for your complaint.
Although it'll be hard for the company.
You and Hyun Soo have different characteristics,
and one of you is on cable.
I decided it'd be worth a try.
It's what I deserve, so I won't thank you.
What about casting?
Director Min is contacting a few stars.
Actors way past their heydays?
They're still gems.
You should be thankful if they accept.
All right. I'll get going.
Right.
Did you know Hyun Soo broke up with Jung Sun?
It's your chance now.
I don't rob empty houses.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
Did Son Ye Jin call us back?
Not yet.
- Do you have more water? - Are you serious?
You're so indecent. That's the last one.
Are we out?
Yes. We have to go buy some.
I'll go then.
Why are you going? He should go.
I want some air. It feels stuffy.
I'll open it since I'm going out.
Hello. Come on in.
Hello.
Mr. Park sent it over for you to eat.
What about Jung Woo?
He's in the car.
He should come in, so we can eat it together.
Mr. Park, did you eat?
Not yet.
Come eat with us. Do you have other plans?
No.
You should take care of yourself too, instead of focusing on just us.
Go wait inside.
Where are you going?
To buy water.
Let's go together then.
Sure.
I'll get this.
Buy everything you want.
You'll regret it.
Under 30 dollars.
You're too cheap.
I did so many things for you, and I get 30 dollars?
You can get 20 instant noodles with 30 dollars.
The big ones too.
This is the spiciest instant noodles on the market.
You can only get it at this convenience store.
It's you who likes spicy things.
That's true. What do you like?
Sweet things?
What about this?
And a strawberry milk.
You have a child's taste.
Hold this. I'll carry that.
I don't want to.
It's heavy.
That's why we're sharing the load.
You never listen.
- Give it to me. - It's okay.
Did you get hurt?
Why would I get hurt.
Here.
You can carry this.
It's super light.
We're already home.
That's why I gave it to you now.
- Watch your step. - Okay.
This one's heavy.
Don't cry by yourself.
If you cry alone, that means you won't let me in your life.
I can only love you deeper and understand you more...
if I know exactly what's making you suffer.
Chef On Jung Sun booked a meeting at 9am.
He said 30 minutes would do it, so I put it in between.
Should I cancel it?
No.
Why did you want to meet?
Here.
I won't cancel the agreement. It's a three-year contract.
I sent it to you because I thought you'd be uncomfortable.
I told you I wouldn't let you lose any money.
I'm getting a lot of offers.
If you want to be a proper agent, take care of that too.
Okay, send them over.
I'm going to Hong Kong on Chef Eric Song's recommendation.
I took care of it myself, so you don't get commission.
Hyun Soo's drama...
will air earlier than we had schedule.
That's great.
- Surprise! - Surprise!
(We congratulate Chef On with all of our hearts!)
Hey.
What is all this?
We congratulate Chef On Jung Sun...
with all of our hearts and minds!
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
- Gosh. - Chef On.
- Come back safely! - Congratulations.
I decided to accept an offer to become a head chef in Hong Kong.
Will you come with me?
If we're together somewhere else,
maybe we might be able to go back to how we were.
I said I'll drive you.
It's okay.
I need you to take care of Good Soup for a while.
Okay.
(It was the last call from him. Where can I see him now?)
He asked me to wait.
(I have a man I love.)
He called me,
but I couldn't pick up because I was with you.
Where can I see him now?
Are you editing episode four?
- Yes. - In the scene where...
Joon Ho confesses and Yeon Woo says she misses Hae Young...
Yes?
The collective monologue.
Isn't it too cruel to Joon Ho?
Do you think so?
That's how desperate Yeon Woo's love is.
Why do you keep on picking on the script?
She put him to shame...
because of her own love.
That's what love is.
Love is cruel to the person they're not in love with.
You say people are hypocrites, but you're going back and forth.
I regretted it so much, and it hurt so much. How can I forget it?
I thought it was a good idea, but I was wrong.
I love you, Jung Sun.
I realized that it's a feeling you only get once in your life.
I got to understand in the five years you were gone.
I'll wait for you.
Let's live together.
Let's do that.
I lost you while thinking about it.
Why should I think anymore?
Will you come with me?
I need to step out for a moment.
(Seoul to Incheon International Airport)
They say buying someone shoes will make them run away.
I bought them so you could run away to me.
With us,
I was either too fast for Hyun Soo,
or Hyun Soo was too fast for me.
If we don't want time to beat us,
all we can do is to just continue being in love.
I have no idea what time he's leaving.
I want to get to him...
even if it's like this.